README.md, before:


```
 █▀     █ █ █     ▄▀█     █▀▀     ▄▀█    
 ▄█     ▀▄▀▄▀     █▀█     █▄█     █▀█    

 █▄▄     █▀█     █▄ █     █▀▄
 █▄█     █▄█     █ ▀█     █▄▀
 ```


 > [!IMPORTANT]  
> This project is still a prototype.  A lot of functionality isn't there yet.

Swagabond is a catch-all solution for generating code or text output from an [OpenAPI spec](https://swagger.io/specification/).

## How it works

* You write your own templates alongside an "Instruction Set" (yaml file) that tells Swagabond how to process them
* You configure Swagabond in your build pipeline to automatically pull down your openAPI spec and process your templates
* That's it.

## Swagabond vs OpenAPI Generator

Swagabond is like a glass of plain Jack Daniels, OpenAPI Generator is like a whiskey old fashioned. Sometimes you just don't have time to muddle the cherries, and just want to get drunk.

|          | Swagabond | OpenAPI Generator |
| -------- | -------   | ------- |
| Overall Vibe | Dumb, simple, easy to work with | Smart, powerful, higher learning curve |
| Best for | Prototyping, Simple APIs, Microservices, Internal tools, people with ADHD | Enterprise-scale applications, More nuanced OpenAPI Specs, People with lots of time |
| Learning Curve | Tiny, Can start writing a template instantly | Complicated, lots to learn |
| Template writing | Fewer options and features | Complex, more fully featured |
| Template syntax | Scriban, with more planned later | Mustache by default, but can write custom template engines |
| Object model | Every template gets the same exact object model | Varies based on each generator |
| Code-Gen Logic | Template driven | Varies, but each code generator exposes more code-specific nuances specific to the programming language |

## Getting started

Check out the wiki for a full in-depth tutorial!


## Author

Swagabond was written originally by [Jordan Bleu](https://linktr.ee/jordanbleu)

Commit message:

New automatic readme generator so I don't have to write as many docs (#26)
* better names for csharp-client

* i didn't even modify this file

* add extensions support

* reorganized again and created a doc generator

* sometimes rider doesnt commit all my files

* not so much a prototype now

* gha updates

* GHA updates take 2

* gha updates take 3

README.md, after:


```
 █▀     █ █ █     ▄▀█     █▀▀     ▄▀█    
 ▄█     ▀▄▀▄▀     █▀█     █▄█     █▀█    

 █▄▄     █▀█     █▄ █     █▀▄
 █▄█     █▄█     █ ▀█     █▄▀
 ```

Swagabond is a catch-all solution for generating code or text output from an [OpenAPI spec](https://swagger.io/specification/).

## How it works

* You write your own templates alongside an "Instruction Set" (yaml file) that tells Swagabond how to process them
* You configure Swagabond in your build pipeline to automatically pull down your openAPI spec and process your templates
* That's it.

## Swagabond vs OpenAPI Generator

Swagabond is like a glass of plain Jack Daniels, OpenAPI Generator is like a whiskey old fashioned. Sometimes you just 
don't have time to muddle the cherries, and just wanna get drunk.

|          | Swagabond | OpenAPI Generator |
| -------- | -------   | ------- |
| Overall Vibe | Dumb, simple, easy to work with | Smart, powerful, higher learning curve |
| Best for | Prototyping, Simple APIs, Microservices, Internal tools, people with ADHD | Enterprise-scale applications, More nuanced OpenAPI Specs, People with lots of time |
| Learning Curve | Tiny, Can start writing a template instantly | Complicated, lots to learn |
| Template writing | Fewer options and features | Complex, more fully featured |
| Template syntax | Scriban, with more planned later | Mustache by default, but can write custom template engines |
| Object model | Every template gets the same exact object model | Varies based on each generator |
| Code-Gen Logic | Template driven | Varies, but each code generator exposes more code-specific nuances specific to the programming language |

## Getting started

Check out the wiki for a full in-depth tutorial!

## Template Documentation

* [All the data](./docs/ApiV1.md) - A full list of all the data available to your templates.
* [Template Functions](./docs/TemplateFunctions.md) - A list of custom functions 

## Author

Swagabond was written originally by [Jordan Bleu](https://linktr.ee/jordanbleu)
