# SampleApplication

There are two big reasons behind the sample projects:

The first purpose is to simulate a real world integration, and test out the templates 
against (sorta) realistic swagger specs.

The second purpose is to help generate real world swagger files for use in:
* Integration Tests
* Local tests
* End to End Tests

There are three projects involved:
* SampleWebApi -> a real web api in .net with OpenApi middleware 
* SampleWebAppClient -> the client code generated by swagabond
* SampleWebAppUI -> a web app that references the SampleWebAppClient code 

## How the sample apps work ðŸ§
1. SampleWebApi generates a swagger file simply by building the project.  The swagger 
contents will be dumped into the project director `swagger.json`
2. If you run `generate.sh`, this swagger file will be used to generate .net http client code
as well as documentation all within the SampleWebAppClient project
3. SampleWebAppUI directly references the client code and is used for CRUD operations 
against the API

## How to see it in action ðŸ˜Ž

1. Run SampleWebApi, ensure it is hosted at -> http://localhost:5240.
You should see a swagger page at http://localhost:5240/swagger/index.html.
2. Run SampleWebAppUI at the same time.  You should see a crappy website with populated
sample data on the home page (under 'List of franchises"
3. Click on 'restaurants' and you should see a list of restaurants.  Note - A lot of 
the buttons don't actually do anything, it's just a sample and I am lazy.
4. You can add / delete data from the api, and if you refresh it should be reflected 
on the web app.

# ObjectModelDocGenerator

The sole purpose of this app is to generate markdown for the object model and template
functions. 

It is an absolute hack job but it gets the job done for now.
